---
layout: archive
title: ""
permalink: /cv/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /resume
---

{% include base_path %}

Education
======
* **Bachelor of Management in Accounting, Nanjing Agricultural University (NAU), School of Finance**  
  * 09/2019 - current
  * GPA: 3.89/4.0 (90.52/100); Ranking: Top 20%
  * GPA: Honor: Second Prize Scholarship (2019)
  * Core Courses: Big Financial Data Analysis(A), Python Programming(A), Management Information System(A), Applied Statistics(A), Econometrics(A), Linear Algebra(A), Calculus, Probability Theory and Mathematical Statistics, Advanced Financial Accounting(A), Auditing(A), etc.


Research Experience
======
* **The effect of blockchain on stock price crash risk: quantitative research**  
  * 03/2021 - 06/2022
  * Undergraduate Research Training Program
    * Built a dataset on 38 listed companies across 7 industries that integrated blockchain technology into operations and their stock price performance from 2017 to 2022;
    * Performed multiple linear regression analysis with backward elimination in STATA and used PSM(Propensity Score Matching) to do robustness checks;
    * Results showed that the use of blockchain tech decreased the risks of stock price crashes.


Working Experience
======
* **Bigo Technology Pte. Ltd. (a network-based video broadcasting company)**  
  * 05/2022 - 08/2022
  * Financial BP Intern
    * Tracked, monitored and analyzed user data generated by Likee (a global short video platform) to improve user experience, retention, and conversion;
    * Wrote a competitive analysis report by analyzing the business model of 5 global short video platforms in terms of value proposition, revenue source, key operations, and cost structure based on first-hand data crawled from these platforms.
  
* **China Life Insurance Co. Ltd.**  
  * 07/2021 - 08/2021
  * Summer Intern 
    * Created internal tools using Excel VBA and Macro to automate tax calculation and regular reporting;
    * Maintained and managed the insurance claims database using a Python crawler;
    * Used CRM and agency management systems to generate more leads and improve customer journey.


Projects
======
* **[Independent Project: Financial Information Visualization Dashboard](https://redhawc.github.io/Projects/project1)**  
  * 05/2022 - 08/2022
    * Used Python (plotly, sklearn, Numpy, Pandas) to create a website analytics dashboard REDHAWC for selected listed companies.


* **[Kaggle Competition: NBME - Score Clinical Patient Notes](https://redhawc.github.io/Projects/project2)**  
  * 03/2021 - 06/2022
    * Used DeBERTa model in Python to identify specific clinical concepts in patient notes;
    * Entered the Top 23%

* **[Kaggle competition: H&M Personalized Fashion Recommendations](https://redhawc.github.io/Projects/project3)**  
  * 03/2022 - 05/2022
    * Developed content-based recommendation systems in Python;
    * Entered the Top 27%

* **The 3rd Business Model Case Analysis Competition of NAU**  
  * 10/2020 - 12/2020
    * Worked in a 3-person team to conduct a quantitative case study on Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. based on data collected from annual reports, news reports, and third-party industrial research papers;
    * Visualized results in PowerBI and won the 1st prize.


Skills
======
* Language Skills: Chinese (native), English (fluent, 2nd prize in national English competitions in 2020&21)
* Computer Skills: Python, VBA, SQL, STATA, Tableau, Power BI, SPSS, Eviews
* Interests: Football
